Api cache settings_EN (#88)
aziontech/docs_en: api/v3/edge-applications/cache_settings/Cache Settings.md

            "is_slice_l2_caching_enabled": false,
            "slice_configuration_range": 1024
        }
    ]
}
~~~

---

## 2. Looking up details of Cache Settings {#looking-up-details-of-cache-settings}

Results in details of Cache Settings. The information resulted by this return refers to the cache setting of an Edge Application.

#### **GET** */edge_applications/:edge_application_id:/cache_settings/:cache_settings_id:*

Necessary permission: **View Edge Application**

**Mandatory parameters**

| Parameter                   | Description                                                  | Type   | Type of Data                            |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ | --------------------------------------- |
| Authorization *(mandatory)* | Authentication through the Token, previously created through the endpoint of [Token Creation]({% tl api_v3_authentication %}#criacao-de-token) | header | string                                  |
| Accept *(mandatory)*        | Details about the type of return and version                 | header | string;<br>*application/json;version=3* |

> | :id *(mandatory)*           | The id of the edge application that you plan to query.       | path   | number                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :id *(mandatory)*           | The id of the cache settings that you plan to query.       | path   | number                                  |
```

~~~

---

## 3. Deleting Cache Settings {#deleting-cache-settings}

This return removes a Cache Setting. This operation is final: there is no way to roll back the information after it has been confirmed by the user.

All information associated with this cache setting will also be removed.

The API does not require confirmation in order to run this instruction.

#### **DELETE** */edge_applications/:edge_application_id:/cache_settings/:cache_settings_id:*

Necessary permission: **Edit Edge Application**

**Mandatory parameters**

| Parameter                   | Description                                                  | Type   | Type of Data                            |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ | --------------------------------------- |
| Authorization *(mandatory)* | Authentication through the Token, previously created through the endpoint of [Token Creation]({% tl api_v3_authentication %}#criacao-de-token) | header | string                                  |
| Accept *(mandatory)*        | Details about the type of return and version                 | header | string;<br>*application/json;version=3* |

> | :id *(mandatory)*           | The id of the edge application that you plan to delete.      | path   | number                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :id *(mandatory)*           | The id of the Edge Application that you plan to delete.      | path   | number                                  |
```

| Content-Type *(mandatory)*  | The type of coding used in the Body (application/json).<br><br>e.g.:<br><br>Content-Type: application/json | header | string                                  |

**Request Example**

~~~
POST /edge_applications/:edge_application_id:/cache_settings
Accept: application/json; version=3
Authorization: token cf2078926f91a6e638af3f4a6977b505edfe5941
Content-Type: application/json
~~~

~~~
{
        "name": "Cache Settings",
        "browser_cache_settings": "honor",
        "browser_cache_settings_maximum_ttl": 0,
        "cdn_cache_settings": "honor",
        "cdn_cache_settings_maximum_ttl": 60,
        "cache_by_query_string": "all",
        "query_string_fields": null,
        "enable_query_string_sort": false,
        "cache_by_cookies": "all",
        "cookie_names": null,
        "device_group": [],
        "enable_caching_for_post": false,
        "l2_caching_enabled": false,
        "is_slice_configuration_enabled": true,
        "is_slice_edge_caching_enabled": true,
        "is_slice_l2_caching_enabled": false,
        "slice_configuration_range": null
}
~~~

> **Response Example **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Response Example**
```

If you only want to update some fields, without changing the values of the rest, consider using the PATCH method, instead of PUT.

#### **PUT** */edge_applications/:edge_application_id:/cache_settings/:cache_settings_id:*

Necessary Permission: **Edit Edge Application**

**Mandatory parameters**

| Parameter                   | Description                                                  | Type   | Type of Data                            |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ | --------------------------------------- |
| Authorization *(mandatory)* | Authentication through the Token, previously created through the endpoint of [Token Creation]({% tl api_v3_authentication %}#criacao-de-token) | header | string                                  |
| Accept *(mandatory)*        | Details about the type of return and version                 | header | string;<br>*application/json;version=3* |
| Content-Type *(mandatory)*  | The type of coding used in the Body (application/json).<br><br>e.g.:<br><br>Content-Type: application/json | header | string                                  |

> | :id *(mandatory)*           | The Id of the Edge Application to be overwritten.            | path   | number                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :id *(mandatory)*           | The Id of the Cache Settings to be overwritten.            | path   | number                                  |
```

        "device_group": [],
        "enable_caching_for_post": false,
        "l2_caching_enabled": false,
        "is_slice_configuration_enabled": true,
        "is_slice_edge_caching_enabled": true,
        "is_slice_l2_caching_enabled": false,
        "slice_configuration_range": null
}
~~~

**Response Example**

~~~
{
    "results": {
        "id": 8907,
        "name": "Cache Settings - Overwrite",
        "browser_cache_settings": "honor",
        "browser_cache_settings_maximum_ttl": 0,
        "cdn_cache_settings": "honor",
        "cdn_cache_settings_maximum_ttl": 60,
        "cache_by_query_string": "all",
        "query_string_fields": null,
        "enable_query_string_sort": false,
        "cache_by_cookies": "all",
        "cookie_names": null,
        "device_group": [],
        "enable_caching_for_post": false,
        "l2_caching_enabled": false,
        "is_slice_configuration_enabled": true,
        "is_slice_edge_caching_enabled": true,
        "is_slice_l2_caching_enabled": false,
        "slice_configuration_range": null
    },
    "schema_version": 3
}
~~~

---

## 6. Updating the fields of Cache Settings {#updating-the-fields-of-cache-settings}

> This return updates one or more fields of a cache setting, retaining the value of those fields not included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This return updates one or more fields of a cache settings, retaining the value of those fields not included.
```

#### **PATCH** */edge_applications/:edge_application_id:/cache_settings/:cache_settings_id:*

Necessary permission: **Edit Edge Application**

**Mandatory parameters**

| Parameter                   | Description                                                  | Type   | Type of Data                            |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ | --------------------------------------- |
| Authorization *(mandatory)* | Authentication through the Token, previously created through the endpoint of [Token Creation]({% tl api_v3_authentication %}#criacao-de-token) | header | string                                  |
| Accept *(mandatory)*        | Details about the type of return and version                 | header | string;<br>*application/json;version=3* |
| Content-Type *(mandatory)*  | The type of coding used in the Body (application/json).<br><br>e.g.:<br><br>Content-Type: application/json | header | string                                  |

> | :id *(mandatory)*           | The Id of the Edge Application to be overwritten.            | path   | number                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :id *(mandatory)*           | The Id of the Cache Settings to be overwritten.            | path   | number                                  |
```
